RaFFLE (#3)
STAN-UAntwerp/PILOT: README.md

> This is an implementation for the PIecewise Linear Organic Tree (PILOT), a linear model tree algorithm proposed in the paper Raymaekers, J., Rousseeuw, P. J., Verdonck, T., & Yao, R. (2024). Fast linear model trees by PILOT. Machine Learning, 1-50. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10994-024-06590-3.
> 
> This repository also includes the implementation for RaFFLE, a random forest of PILOT trees:
> Raymaekers, J., Rousseeuw, P. J., Servotte, T., Verdonck, T., & Yao, R. (2025). A Powerful Random Forest Featuring Linear Extensions (RaFFLE). _Under Review_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains an implementation of the PIecewise Linear Organic Tree (PILOT) and 
RAndom Forest FEaturing Linear Extensions (RaFFLE) algorithms proposed in 

- Raymaekers, J., Rousseeuw, P. J., Verdonck, T., & Yao, R. (2024). Fast linear model trees by PILOT. Machine Learning, 1-50. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10994-024-06590-3.

- Raymaekers, J., Rousseeuw, P. J., Servotte, T., Verdonck, T., & Yao, R. (2025). A Powerful Random Forest Featuring Linear Extensions (RaFFLE). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2502.10185

The main implementation is a Python wrapper around a C++ implementation of PILOT.
In addition to the main implementation, there is:

- a pure Python implementation in the branch ""
- an R implementation in the branch "pilot-in-R".
```
